[Autocomplete]Fix keyboard navigation and item selection in Autocomplete combo box. (#1887)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed accessibility issue with `Autocomplete` where keyboard navigation of options was laggy and skipped options([#1346](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/issues/1346))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed accessibility issue with `Autocomplete` where keyboard navigation of options was laggy and skipped options([#1887](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1887))
```

Reviewer: We reference the pull request that made the changes 😄

Author: oops! haha! sorry! 🤦‍♀

> - Fixed bug where `Autocomplete` was bubbling up the `Enter` key event unexpectedly ([#1380](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/issues/1380))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug where `Autocomplete` was bubbling up the `Enter` key event unexpectedly ([#1887]https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1887)
```
